site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Tooltip/doc/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: Tooltip
---

A simple text popup tip.

## When To Use

- The tip is shown on mouse enter, and is hidden on mouse leave. The Tooltip doesn't support complex text or operations.
- To provide an explanation of a `button/text/operation`. It's often used instead of the html `title` attribute.

## API

| Property | Description                   | Type                               | Default |
| -------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------- |
| title    | The text shown in the tooltip | string\|ReactNode\|() => ReactNode | -       |

### Common API

The following APIs are shared by Tooltip, Popconfirm, Popover.

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| arrowPointAtCenter | Whether the arrow is pointed at the center of target | boolean | `false` |  |
| autoAdjustOverflow | Whether to adjust popup placement automatically when popup is off screen | boolean | `true` |  |
| defaultVisible | Whether the floating tooltip card is visible by default | boolean | `false` |  |
| getPopupContainer | The DOM container of the tip, the default behavior is to create a `div` element in `body` | Function(triggerNode) | () => document.body |  |
| mouseEnterDelay | Delay in seconds, before tooltip is shown on mouse enter | number | 0.1 |  |
| mouseLeaveDelay | Delay in seconds, before tooltip is hidden on mouse leave | number | 0.1 |  |
| overlayClassName | Class name of the tooltip card | string | - |  |
| overlayStyle | Style of the tooltip card | object | - |  |
| placement | The position of the tooltip relative to the target, which can be one of `top` `left` `right` `bottom` `topLeft` `topRight` `bottomLeft` `bottomRight` `leftTop` `leftBottom` `rightTop` `rightBottom` | string | `top` |  |
| trigger | Tooltip trigger mode. Could be multiple by passing an array | `hover` \| `focus` \| `click` \| `contextMenu` \| `Array<string>` | `hover` |  |
| visible | Whether the floating tooltip card is visible or not | boolean | `false` |  |
| onVisibleChange | Callback executed when visibility of the tooltip card is changed | (visible) => void | - |  |
| align | this value will be merged into placement's config, please refer to the settings [rc-tooltip](https://github.com/react-component/tooltip) | Object | - |  |

## Note

Please ensure that the child node of `Tooltip` accepts `onMouseEnter`, `onMouseLeave`, `onFocus`, `onClick` events.

Commit message:

Issue 406 (#420)
* feat(module: tooltip): support markupstring rendering

* docs(module: tooltip): change JSX type to C# type

* fix(module: tooltip): change MarkupString rendering mothod

* refactor(module: tooltip): redundant code deleted

Co-authored-by: James Yeung <shunjiey@hotmail.com>

site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Tooltip/doc/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: Tooltip
---

A simple text popup tip.

## When To Use

- The tip is shown on mouse enter, and is hidden on mouse leave. The Tooltip doesn't support complex text or operations.
- To provide an explanation of a `button/text/operation`. It's often used instead of the html `title` attribute.

## API

| Property | Description                   | Type                               | Default |
| -------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------- |
| Title    | The text shown in the tooltip | string\|RenderFragment | string.Empty      |

### Common API

The following APIs are shared by Tooltip, Popconfirm, Popover.

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| ArrowPointAtCenter | Whether the arrow is pointed at the center of target | bool | `false` |  |
| AutoAdjustOverflow | Whether to adjust popup placement automatically when popup is off screen | bool | `true` |  |
| DefaultVisible | Whether the floating tooltip card is visible by default | bool | `false` |  |
| PopupContainerSelector | The DOM container of the tip, the default behavior is to create a `div` element in `body` | string (css selector) | -                   |  |
| MouseEnterDelay | Delay in seconds, before tooltip is shown on mouse enter | doube | 0.1 |  |
| MouseLeaveDelay | Delay in seconds, before tooltip is hidden on mouse leave | doube | 0.1 |  |
| OverlayClassName | Class name of the tooltip card | string | - |  |
| OverlayStyle | Style of the tooltip card | string | - |  |
| Placement | The position of the tooltip relative to the target, which can be one of `Top` `Left` `Right` `Bottom` `TopLeft` `TopRight` `BottomLeft` `BottomRight` `LeftTop` `LeftBottom` `RightTop` `RightBottom` | PlacementType | `PlacementType.Top` |  |
| Trigger | Tooltip trigger mode. Could be multiple by passing an array | TriggerType[] | `TriggerType.Hover` |  |
| Visible | Whether the floating tooltip card is visible or not | bool | `false` |  |
| OnVisibleChange | Callback executed when visibility of the tooltip card is changed | EventCallback<bool>   | - |  |

## Note

Please ensure that the child node of `Tooltip` accepts `onMouseEnter`, `onMouseLeave`, `onFocus`, `onClick` events.
