site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/List/doc/index.en-US.md, before:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: List
cols: 1
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/5FrZKStG_/List.svg
---

Simple List.

## When To Use

A list can be used to display content related to a single subject. The content can consist of multiple elements of varying type and size.

## API

### List

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| bordered | Toggles rendering of the border around the list | boolean | false |  |
| footer | List footer renderer | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| grid | The grid type of list. You can set grid to something like {gutter: 16, column: 4} | [object](#List-grid-props) | - |  |
| header | List header renderer | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| itemLayout | The layout of list, default is `horizontal`, If a vertical list is desired, set the itemLayout property to `vertical` | string | - |  |
| rowKey | Item's unique key, could be a string or function that returns a string | string\|Function(record):string | `key` |  |
| loading | Shows a loading indicator while the contents of the list are being fetched | boolean\|[SpinProps](/components/spin/#API) ([more](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/8659)) | false |  |
| loadMore | Shows a load more content | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| locale | i18n text including empty text | object | emptyText: 'No Data' <br> |  |
| pagination | Pagination [config](/components/pagination/), hide it by setting it to false | boolean \| object | false |  |
| size | Size of list | `default` \| `large` \| `small` | `default` |  |
| split | Toggles rendering of the split under the list item | boolean | true |  |
| dataSource | dataSource array for list | any[] | - |  |
| renderItem | customize list item when using `dataSource` | `item => ReactNode` | - |  |

### pagination

Properties for pagination.

| Property | Description                          | Type                        | Default  |
| -------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------- | -------- |
| position | specify the position of `Pagination` | `top` \| `bottom` \| `both` | `bottom` |

More about pagination, please check [`Pagination`](/components/pagination/).

### List grid props

| Property | Description              | Type   | Default | Version |
| -------- | ------------------------ | ------ | ------- | ------- |
| column   | column of grid           | number | -       |         |
| gutter   | spacing between grid     | number | 0       |         |
| xs       | `<576px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| sm       | `≥576px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| md       | `≥768px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| lg       | `≥992px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| xl       | `≥1200px` column of grid | number | -       |         |
| xxl      | `≥1600px` column of grid | number | -       |         |

### List.Item

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| actions | The actions content of list item. If `itemLayout` is `vertical`, shows the content on bottom, otherwise shows content on the far right. | Array<ReactNode> | - |  |
| extra | The extra content of list item. If `itemLayout` is `vertical`, shows the content on right, otherwise shows content on the far right. | string\|ReactNode | - |  |

### List.Item.Meta

| Property    | Description                  | Type              | Default | Version |
| ----------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ------- | ------- |
| avatar      | The avatar of list item      | ReactNode         | -       |         |
| description | The description of list item | string\|ReactNode | -       |         |
| title       | The title of list item       | string\|ReactNode | -       |         |

Commit message:

feat(module: list): add OnItemClick event callback for list items (#489)
* feat(module: list): add event callback for list items

* docs: add onitemclick in doc

site/AntBlazor.Docs/Demos/Components/List/doc/index.en-US.md, after:

---
category: Components
type: Data Display
title: List
cols: 1
cover: https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/alicdn/5FrZKStG_/List.svg
---

Simple List.

## When To Use

A list can be used to display content related to a single subject. The content can consist of multiple elements of varying type and size.

## API

### List

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| bordered | Toggles rendering of the border around the list | boolean | false |  |
| footer | List footer renderer | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| grid | The grid type of list. You can set grid to something like {gutter: 16, column: 4} | [object](#List-grid-props) | - |  |
| header | List header renderer | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| itemLayout | The layout of list, default is `horizontal`, If a vertical list is desired, set the itemLayout property to `vertical` | string | - |  |
| rowKey | Item's unique key, could be a string or function that returns a string | string\|Function(record):string | `key` |  |
| loading | Shows a loading indicator while the contents of the list are being fetched | boolean\|[SpinProps](/components/spin/#API) ([more](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/issues/8659)) | false |  |
| loadMore | Shows a load more content | string\|ReactNode | - |  |
| locale | i18n text including empty text | object | emptyText: 'No Data' <br> |  |
| pagination | Pagination [config](/components/pagination/), hide it by setting it to false | boolean \| object | false |  |
| size | Size of list | `default` \| `large` \| `small` | `default` |  |
| split | Toggles rendering of the split under the list item | boolean | true |  |
| dataSource | dataSource array for list | any[] | - |  |
| renderItem | customize list item when using `dataSource` | `item => ReactNode` | - |  |
| OnItemClick | onclick callback of list items  | `item => void` | - |  |

### pagination

Properties for pagination.

| Property | Description                          | Type                        | Default  |
| -------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------- | -------- |
| position | specify the position of `Pagination` | `top` \| `bottom` \| `both` | `bottom` |

More about pagination, please check [`Pagination`](/components/pagination/).

### List grid props

| Property | Description              | Type   | Default | Version |
| -------- | ------------------------ | ------ | ------- | ------- |
| column   | column of grid           | number | -       |         |
| gutter   | spacing between grid     | number | 0       |         |
| xs       | `<576px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| sm       | `≥576px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| md       | `≥768px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| lg       | `≥992px` column of grid  | number | -       |         |
| xl       | `≥1200px` column of grid | number | -       |         |
| xxl      | `≥1600px` column of grid | number | -       |         |

### List.Item

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| actions | The actions content of list item. If `itemLayout` is `vertical`, shows the content on bottom, otherwise shows content on the far right. | Array<ReactNode> | - |  |
| extra | The extra content of list item. If `itemLayout` is `vertical`, shows the content on right, otherwise shows content on the far right. | string\|ReactNode | - |  |

### List.Item.Meta

| Property    | Description                  | Type              | Default | Version |
| ----------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ------- | ------- |
| avatar      | The avatar of list item      | ReactNode         | -       |         |
| description | The description of list item | string\|ReactNode | -       |         |
| title       | The title of list item       | string\|ReactNode | -       |         |
